Cheeta do you ever ask yourself that
question because all you are now is a
thing more Cheeta you make your living
you earn your living through slander and
defamation and you know that
Cheeta Cheeta you are a thing you asked
me about use the term fake vegan it's
used to describe people like you because
you're a parasite on this movement
you're not making a positive
contribution you're doing your little
bit to exploit and destroy the mink you
are a fake yeah that's right and then
you turned around and you embrace
durianrider and you claim that my court
case is fake when you know it's real and
you denounce me as a family cheetah
you claim that you've just speculated
that I had some kind of love affair with
a 16 year old when you know I didn't you
intentionally scraped the bottom of the
barrel for every crumb you lie and
recycled [ __ ] that you during right
inventors and educators and yes you were
on drugs the time you were high on
anavar and I think the saucer owned and
you were trying to quit they thing I'll
tell you because it explains you cheetah
explains why you're a fake vegan if you
want to say I'm worse than during right
I mean you're entitled to your opinion
but let me tell you the difference in
human during my when during writer says
that he cured Crohn's disease he
actually believes that when de rain
writer says that his weight loss advice
will change your life and will cure your
mental disorders and help you overcome
schizophrenia he believes that he's
speaking with conviction and when I say
in my video that I think Gary Yourofsky
is an idiot I'm not trolling either I'm
really being sincere and that's
something me and jury writer have in
common we come on camera and we share
something real from our lives and you
cheetah do not even have that quality
you're a fraud and a fake and you were
the lowest rung of fake vegan cheetah I
know you I knew you back in the day you
talked to me after your mom died etc we
used to be tight what you're doing now
it's corrosive it's fake it's bad for
the movement and it's even bad for you
I'm doing really good yeah I know you
think that no I don't cheetah I think
you're a sack of [ __ ]
you've convinced me that you're a
[ __ ] unredeemable idiot
sack of [ __ ] okay you that's what you
convinced me of and I know you I know
you personally okay
and a whole lot of other people who knew
you personally they've come to the same
conclusion step-by-step the reality is
everyone who believes in you
everyone who support you everyone who
knew you and everyone cared about you
you burn the bridges with them because
you tried to make a nickel and dime out
of selling fake stories about their sex
lives about their private lives
denouncing and defaming them morally and
you even did it to someone as harmless
as the vegan lasts aka Lauren Phoenix
that's who you are that's who you are
and that's how you've become and you
will sell out your own friends and and
you break all your own rules okay you
defame me and say malicious things that
impact me and my divorce and my ex-wife
and my daughter you have no limits
you have no druthers you have gone from
being so many people cheered on
heroically because you spoke truth to
power you challenged powerful people
like durianrider when they were doing
things that are really important really
criminal and now you've become someone
who panders to durianrider now you've
become someone who pretends during Ryder
didn't do anything wrong when he
threatened to murder me when he
threatened to have people beat me up in
the street you took a pause situation
where so many people eat believed in you
and so many people support you because
at the time when it really mattered you
stood up and did the right thing and
said the right thing in a storm of
controversy about durianrider
and yes you know that was partly an
opportunity for you to promote yourself
but you also took a morally correct
position and you beat the hell out of it
you made a lot of videos that were
entertaining and informative and that
told the truth and you destroyed that
and you destroyed that by telling lies
and by trying to exploit your
friendships with other people to make
little nickels and dimes telling fake
stories about their sex lives and their
private lives and their moral failings
that's what you've become
you've become somebody worse than to
rewrite er you are the lowest of the low
that's my word